module: fix detect-module not retrying as ESM for code that errors only in CommonJS (#52024)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cli.md

  `--experimental-default-type` are specified.

ES module syntax is defined as syntax that would throw when evaluated as
CommonJS. This includes the following:

* `import` statements (but _not_ `import()` expressions, which are valid in
  CommonJS).
* `export` statements.
* `import.meta` references.
* `await` at the top level of a module.

> * `const` declarations of the CommonJS wrapper variables (`require`, `module`,

Reviewer: It applies for `const`, `let` and `class`:

```suggestion
* Lexical redeclarations of the CommonJS wrapper variables (`require`, `module`,
```
